Recommend RC instead of SQL Priority (#19605)
pingcap/docs: faq/sql-faq.md

## How to prevent the execution of a particular SQL statement?

> For v7.5 or higher, [`QUERY WATCH`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-query-watch.md) is able to terminate particular queries. Please refer to [runaway query management](/tidb-resource-control.md#query-watch-parameters) for detail.
> 
> For versions prior to v7.5, you can create [SQL bindings](/sql-plan-management.md#sql-binding) with the [`MAX_EXECUTION_TIME`](/optimizer-hints.md#max_execution_timen) hint to limit the execution time of a particular statement to a small value (for example, 1ms). In this way, the statement is terminated automatically by the threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For TiDB v7.5.0 or later versions, you can use the [`QUERY WATCH`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-query-watch.md) statement to terminate specific SQL statements. For more details, see [Manage queries that consume more resources than expected (Runaway Queries)](/tidb-resource-control.md#query-watch-parameters).

For versions earlier than TiDB v7.5.0, you can create [SQL bindings](/sql-plan-management.md#sql-binding) with the [`MAX_EXECUTION_TIME`](/optimizer-hints.md#max_execution_timen) hint to limit the execution time of a particular statement to a small value (for example, `1ms`). In this way, the statement is terminated automatically by the threshold.
```

Author: LGTM
